[[walkthrough]]
== Spell Walkthrough

Follow through our screenshot walkthrough of deploying **The Canonical Distribution of Kubernetes**, Enterprise Kubernetes, anywhere.

=== Spell Selection

Initially, you will be provided with a list of available spells that can be deployed. For this walkthrough we will select **Canonical Kubernetes**.

image::canonical-kubernetes/spell-selection.png[caption="Figure 1: ", title="Spell selection"]

=== Cloud Selection

Next, a list of publicly supported clouds will be presented.

image::canonical-kubernetes/cloud-selection.png[caption="Figure 2: ", title="Cloud selection"]

[[application-list]]
=== Application List

Once a cloud is selected you will be presented with a list of applications that
make up the **Canonical Kubernetes** deployment. This screen allows you to
deploy each application individually or make additional configuration changes to
the selected application (covered in <<application-config>>).

image::canonical-kubernetes/application-list.png[caption="Figure 3: ", title="Application list"]

[[application-config]]
=== Application Configuration

In the configuration screen for the application you have the ability to
configure certain aspects prior to deployment. For example, in **Figure 4** you
can increase the amount of units to deploy of Elasticsearch.

image::canonical-kubernetes/application-config.png[caption="Figure 4: ", title="Application Config"]

=== Bootstrap

Once the applications are deployed and if no previously bootstrapped cloud exist
you will be presented with a wait screen that gives you the status of the
current bootstrap.

NOTE: If an existing cloud is already bootstrapped you will not see this view.

image::canonical-kubernetes/bootstrap-wait.png[caption="Figure 5: ", title="Bootstrap Wait Screen"]

=== Deployment Status

After the bootstrap process is complete the applications will begin their
deployment tasks. This includes installing the necessary bits onto the allocated
machines, setting their relations between the applications, and verifying that
each application starts successfully. You'll notice that once the applications
are ready they will have a green checkmark beside them.

image::canonical-kubernetes/deploy-status.png[caption="Figure 6: ", title="Deployment Status Screen"]

=== Additional Application Tasks

This is the real benefit of **conjure-up**. These additional steps encapsulate
the operational tasks to perform to your deployment in order to start using your
big software. In **Figure 7** you'll notice that this walks you through
downloading the required **kubectl** tool to work with your new cluster.
Additionally, it'll contact your cluster and grab the necessary information to
display for you on the <<summary-screen>>.

image::canonical-kubernetes/steps-config.png[caption="Figure 7: ", title="Steps Configuration"]

[[summary-screen]]
=== Summary

Finally, the summary screen presents you with all the information necessary to
access and start using your big software. In **Figure 8** we provide you with
how to access and use your **kubectl** binary along with the Kubernetes
**cluster-info** and how to access the **Kibana** dashboard for viewing things
such as Filebeat and Topbeat.

image::canonical-kubernetes/summary.png[caption="Figure 8: ", title="Summary"]
